flexbox:

1. to ue flexible layout you should have a parent element property set to flex,
2. the children will automatically get the flex values

flex-direction:-

The flex direction column property set the flex direction to column.  and row vice versa. 


Reverse property :

the colum reverse property stack in column but reversely. and row reverse vice versa.

flex-wrap :

    wrap:
    The flex wrap : wrap property , specifies if the element wrap if necesssary. wuthout this property

    flexwrap = nowrap, is enabled by default.

    wrap-reverse:the wrap reverse property wrap the elements but in reverse order

flexflow;

    Row wrap : The row wrap property specify wrap and flex direction in one property.

Justify content :
 
     center :  
             property will justify flex items in center.

    flex-start :
                will start the elements from start.

    flex-end:
            this will align all the properties to the end of the container

    space around :
                    justify content space arounf will create spaces before , between and after the 
                    lines.

    space - between :
                    space between property will create space between the lines only.


align-items :

        flex-start : 
                    will align the items at the top of the container.

        flex-end: 
                will align the items at the bottom of the container.

        stretch:
                stretches the flex items to fill the conatainer. (this is default)

        baseline:
                 will align the items with the text baseline of the items.

align-content:
                The align-content property is used to align the flex lines.

        space-between:
                     to have equal space between items of flex container.

        space-around :
                     space around property creates equals spaces before , between and after the container.

        stretch :
                this property stretches the height of the flex items to take the remaining space completely.(this is
                default)

        center :
                this property align the flex items to the center of the container.

        flex-start:
                 this property aling the flex items to the start of the container.

        flex-end:
                this property align the flex items to the end of the container.
        
Perfect Centering:

                set up the justify content and align items to center to perfect align in the center.

                                        CSS FLEX ITEMS :

CSS Child Items:

                The direct child of the flex-conatiner become flex (flexible) items.

flex properties:

        order :

                you can specify the order of the flex items , which means , first items is not meant to appear first 
                everytime. 
                in individual item via
                // style=order:[order number]   // this value should always be in number e.g  (1,2,3)

        flex-grow:
                You can specify how much a flex child takes place via flex grow property.

        flex-shrink :
                        you can specify how much flex item will shrink via flex-shrink property.
                        // style="flex-shrink:0" // this means (applied) item will not shrink.

        flex-basis:
                specifies the initial width of a flex item.
                // syntax style="flex-basis:200px"

        flex:
                flex property is short hand for flex grow, flex basis and flex shrink properties
                // syntax style="flex: 0 0 100px"  

        align self:
                        align self (center) property align the item vertically in center.
                        syntax style="align-self:center"

                        align self (flex start) align the item in the start of the container.

                        align the item (flex end) align the item in the end of the container.

                        [Cont]


















   







